Clarify meta and tags don't trigger state:modified (#9715)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/node-selection/state-comparison-caveats.md

If a seed file is >1 MiB in size, dbt cannot compare its contents and will raise a warning as such. Instead, dbt will use only the seed's file path to detect changes. If the file path has changed, the seed will be included in `state:modified`; if it hasn't, it won't.

### `tags` and `meta`

> Changes to `tags` and `meta` — whether set at the resource level or on individual columns in a YAML file — don't count as modifications and won't trigger `state:modified`. dbt treats these fields as metadata only, since they don't affect how a resource is materialized. This is intentional, not a bug.

Author: ```suggestion
Changes to `tags` and `meta`, whether set at the resource level or on individual columns in a YAML file, don't count as modifications and will not trigger `state:modified`. dbt treats these fields as metadata only, since they don't affect how a resource is materialized. This is intentional behavior.
```
